[Improvement][K8S] K8S task support passing context parameters to downstream task (#14934)
apache/dolphinscheduler: docs/docs/en/guide/parameter/context.md

![context-subprocess05](../../../../img/new_ui/dev/parameter/context-subprocess05.png)

Although the two parameters var1 and var2 are output in the A task, only the `OUT` parameter var1 is defined in the workflow definition, and the downstream task successfully outputs var1. It proves that the var1 parameter is passed in the workflow with reference to the expected value.

#### Pass parameter from Kubernetes task to downstream

> Different programming languages may use different logging frameworks in Kubernetes tasks.  To be compatible with these frameworks, DolphinScheduler provides a universal logging data format `${(key=value)dsVal}`.  Users can output log data in the format `${(key=value)dsVal}` in the terminal logs of their applications, where `key` is the corresponding parameter prop and `value` is the value of that parameter.  DolphinScheduler will capture the `${(key=value)dsVal}` in the output logs to capture the parameters and pass them downstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different programming languages may use different logging frameworks in Kubernetes tasks. To be compatible with these frameworks, DolphinScheduler provides a universal logging data format `${(key=value)dsVal}`. Users can output log data in the format `${(key=value)dsVal}` in the terminal logs of their applications, where `key` is the corresponding parameter prop and `value` is the value of that parameter. DolphinScheduler will capture the `${(key=value)dsVal}` in the output logs to capture the parameters and pass them downstream.
```

For example

![kubernetes_context_param](../../../../img/new_ui/dev/parameter/k8s_context_param.png)

> Another special consideration, not always can DolphinScheduler collect pod logs, if user redirect log output stream, DolphinScheduler can not collect logs use and can not use output parameter, either.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another special consideration, not always can DolphinScheduler collect pod logs, if the user redirects the log output stream, DolphinScheduler can not collect logs for use and can not use the output parameter, either.
```
